Context Expressions are used to represent (potential) LF
contexts. They are used in constructing atomic formulas of the logic
and are used as the context for LF type checking.

Context Expressions
===================
Context Expressions have two components: a possibly
not-fully-specified part and an explicit context part. The former is
represented by the empty context or a context variable. The later is a
sequence of context items that have been explicitly introduced during
reasoning.

In a dependently typed setting the order within a context is important
and so we do not want to treat contexts as a lookup table or a set.

  Constructors:
    Nil
      An empty context.
      
    Context Variable Entry
      An unspecified part of a context represented by a context
      variable.
     
      Components:
        - context variable (with a context type)
        
    Context Item Entry
      A context with an explicit item in the context.
      
      Components:
        - context item
        - context expression

  Operations:
    - construct context
    - extend context
    - lookup context item
    - substitution application

Context Item
============
Context items represent individual entries of a context. They consist
of a nominal constant along with the type given to that nominal for
the context.

  Components:
    - nominal constant name
    - term (representing an LF type)

  Operations:
    - new context item
    - substitution application

Context Variable
================
Context Variables are used to represent a context which is not fully
specified. These variables are not annotated with types; the context
type for a variable *must* be looked up in the context variable
context because the block structure in the context type may be
elaborated during reasoning and all instances of the context variable
must be kept consistent.

  Components:
    - name

  Operations:
    - new context variable

Context Type
============
A context type describes a particular structure identifying a
collection of context expressions. The structure is described through
giving a context schema which the contexts satisfy along with a list
of particular blocks which must appear in the context. The context type
    c[b1,...,bn]
represents all contexts of the form
    G1,b1,G2,...,Gn,bn,Gn+1
where G1,G2,...,Gn,Gn+1 are all context expressions satisfying the
schema `c'.

  Components:
    - schema name
    - list of explicit blocks

  Operations:
    - add block at position i
    - substitution application

Block
=====
A block instance is a particular sequence of context items that
satisfies one of the block definitions for the schema of the context
type it appears in.

  Components:
    - list of context item

  Operations:
    - substitution application
