Structure of the Theorem Files
==============================
Similar to Abella, reasoning in the system will be done using a
theorem file that is where the user will specify (1) the LF signature
to use, (2) relevant context schema definitions, (3) the theorems, and
(4) tactic sequences for proving theorems.

A file *must* begin by identifying the name of the LF signature file
to be used for the session. Without an LF signature none of the other
interactions are sensible.

LF Signature File
-----------------
    Signature <filename>.

Signature files are a single Twelf .elf (or .lf) file, or a single
Twelf .cfg file. If a config file is used, all files will be collected
into a single signature structure internally, similarly to behavior in
Twelf. Query and Solve declarations will be ignored as only the
declaration of constants are relevant for reasoning. The fixity,
precedence, and associativity declarations for constants will be
followed for printing behavior.

Context Schema Definitions
--------------------------
  Schema <id> = <block defs>.

Defines a new context schema by the collection of block definitions
that are given. Schemas must be defined before they can be used in
theorems. The names need not be unique, but once defined a newer
definition will hid any previously defined schemas of the same name.

Theorem Statement
-----------------
  Theorem <id> = <formula>.

Indicate a theorem for which a proof will follow. The formula must be
weakly well formed. The name need not be unique, but once the proof is
complete it will hide any previous theorems of the same name.

Tactic Application
------------------
  <tactic name> <args>.

Apply a particular tactic to the current sequent to progress with the
proof (applicable which in proof construction mode). A sequence of
tactics resulting in all sequents/subgoals being completed describes a
proof for the current theorem.
